Parapet Project Software Distribution Agreement 

This agreement regulates the distribution of the software developed in
the Parapet project. Under this agreement and by downloading the
Parapet Software, the recipient of the software agrees to the
following principles and conditions:

1. The software is copyright the Parapet Consortium comprising the
   partners of the Parapet Esprit Long Term Research Project Number
   23493 (Parapet Project).

2. The software may be used for any purpose provided the partners in
   the Parapet Project are individually acknowledged in that use.

3. The software and accompanying documentation are supplied without
   warranty, without maintenance and without acceptance by any of the
   partners in the Parapet Project of any liability for any outcomes
   of their use. The Parapet software is provided as is and with no
   guarantees as to its performance or its appropriateness for any
   specific situation. The partners of the Parapet Project are not
   responsible for any data loss, equipment damage, property loss, or
   injury to subjects or patients resulting from the use or misuse the
   Parapet software. Diagnoses drawn from using the Parapet software
   are at the users full responsibility. Special care should be taken
   in a setting where misinterpretations could injure a patient or
   subject. The Parapet Partners make no warranty that the Parapet
   software is free of programming or conceptual errors. Provision of
   the Parapet software does not imply or ensure any additional
   support especially after changes in operating software releases for
   the platforms used. There is also no guarantee that the user will
   be notified of any programming errors that are discovered or that
   the user will be provided with future updated versions of this
   tool. The partners of the Parapet Project disclaim all liability
   for direct or indirect damage resulting from the use of the Parapet
   software.

4. Licensing of third party software embedded in the software is the
   responsibility of the recipient organisation who agrees to obtain
   appropriate licences.



